# dyson - an absorbing SMTP server

Version 1.1, 2010-09-04

This software is distributed under the terms of the FSF Lesser Gnu
Public License (version 3, see COPYING.LESSER and COPYING). Since the LGPL 
is a set of additional permissions on top of the GPL this 
license is also included in the file 'COPYING'.

Maintainer: [Michael Kulovits](mailto:kulovits@emarsys.com)

## What is dyson?

Dyson's a simple mail server whose sole aim is to receive mails 
over the SMTP protocol and to store them persistently as quickly as possible (sic!).

The name "dyson" is inspired by [Freeman Dyson](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeman_Dyson) 
and his theory of a [Dyson Sphere](href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dyson_sphere), 
i.e. a structure that is meant to completely encompass a star and capture most 
or all of its energy output.
Think of the dyson MTA as a dyson sphere for mailing environments.

## How to build dyson?

  $> sbt clean compile package jarjar

### Dependencies & Requirements

 * java sdk & vm 1.6.0 or higher
 * sbt 0.7.4 or higher
 * TODO

## How to run dyson?

inside sbt:

  $> sbt run
  
using the standalone jarjar: 
 
  $> ./dyson.sh

see the javadocs of com.emarsys.Dyson for further details like cmd-line options 
and (optional) configuration files.

## TODOs, Open and Known Issues

### Dependencies

#### emarsys commons library: eCommon

The emarsys commons library eCommon is a static dependency via 
/lib/ecommon-DYSON.jar. eCommon will be released under the 
LGPL on github later this year

### Build System

Dyson's build system has been migrated from maven (and buildr) to SBT. 
This transition is not yet done and thus there are a couple of issues:
 
 1. The whole build system configuration and plugins (see /project/build/*.scala)
    is copy pasted from internal emarsys projects. Reusable parts of dyson's 
    build system have to be refactored into a free "emarsys project plugin" 
    project. this is unlikely to happen before the LGPL release of ecommon.
 2. TestNG test execution is not working via sbt. There is a custom
 	SBT plugin (see /project/build/TestNGTestingProject.scala) which is 
 	currently not working. Either fix the SBT TestNG plugin or migrate the
 	test case(s) to ScalaTest.  
 3. Javadoc generation via sbt does not work. scaladoc is insufficient.
 4. Eclipse integration is very basic. Dyson's got its own version of
    the SBT plugin Eclipsify which creates Eclipse's .project and
    .classpath files but for instance lacks the incllacks the inclusion
    of the JRE libs, etc. etc.
 
### Logging

Dyson's RESTlet server's logging is not integrated with dyson's logging
concept. The restlet engine logs via java.util.logging. It should be possible 
to integrate via slf4j's bridge, see http://www.slf4j.org/legacy.html.
